Welcome to the party.
The third-party library, or I'll see myself out.
So far in the course,
we went through the planning stages of
integrating your private blockchain to a web service,
and then dove into the Node.js Framework.
This here is a quick lesson,
where we'll take a look at some common libraries associated with these frameworks,
which we'll be using in the upcoming project and discuss
the ever growing importance of handling security on a blockchain web service.
These are the lesson topics: how to discover and use common third-party libraries,
using Bitcoin Core as an example to discover
third-party libraries to assist with RPC functions that we've seen before,
and lastly, discuss the risks and
precautions of working with third-party libraries and wallets,
or anything that stores value.
All right. With that, let's get cracking.